Add Tarik and Lohan to NSMConEU 2020 talk as speakers (#174)
networkservicemesh/site: content/events/nsmconeu2020.md

networking and operating systems for telco. Living in Stockholm, Sweden. He is currently working with the
transition into the cloud native paradigm
{{% /speaker %}}
{{% speaker name="Tarik Hammam - System Manager, Ericsson" %}}
Tarik is an engineer working in Ericsson AB with 40+ years of  professional experience in the R&D related areas of 
telco core network systems design. Living in Stockholm, Sweden. He is currently involved with the transition towards 
the cloud native paradigm.
{{% /speaker %}}
{{% speaker name="Johan Ljunglid - Engineer, Ericsson" img="/img/events/nsmconeu2020/johan_ljunglid.jpg" %}}

> Johan Ljunglid is an engineer at Ericsson AB with a background in network services, proxies and load balancing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Johan Ljunglid is an engineer at Ericsson AB with a background in network services, proxies, and load balancing. 
```

Author: Fixed

> His main focus areas include network infrastructure and architecture and he is currently working withKubernetes and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
His main focus areas include network infrastructure and architecture and he is currently working with Kubernetes and 
```
